Update user object to include linked users (+ premium gateway property) (#306)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/user.mdx

| verified ^2^             | boolean                                                             | Whether the email on this account has been verified                                                             |
| email ^2^                | ?string                                                             | The user's email address                                                                                        |
| phone? ^1^               | ?string                                                             | The user's E.164-formatted phone number                                                                         |

> | premium ^4^              | boolean                                                             | Whether the user is subscribed to Nitro                                                                         |

Reviewer: I didn't include this because it's deprecated but I guess there's no reason not to
```suggestion
| premium **(deprecated)** ^4^ | boolean                                                             | Whether the user is subscribed to Nitro                                                                         |
```

}
```

### Linked User Object

> Partial user data of a user linked to the account via Family Center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partial user data of an underage user linked to the account via [Family Center](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/14155043715735-Family-Center-for-Parents-and-Guardians).
```
linking to the support page on niche features is useful sometimes
